CASMINST-4818 Use New csm-releases Repository (#1851)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/pre-installation.md

**`TODO: Manually validate the m001 firmware, UEFI settings, and cabling`**

1. (`external#`) Download the CSM software release from the public Artifactory instance.

>    > **`NOTE`** `-C -` is used to allow partial downloads. These tarballs are considered large and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE** `-C -` is used to allow partial downloads. These tarballs are large;
```

>    > in the event of a connection disruption the same command can be used to continue where the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > in the event of a connection disruption, the same command can be used to continue the
```

   > previous command left off.

   ```bash
   # e.g. an alpha : CSM_RELEASE=1.3.0-alpha.99
   # e.g. an RC    : CSM_RELEASE=1.3.0-rc.1
   # e.g. a stable : CSM_RELEASE=1.3.0  
   CSM_RELEASE=1.3.0-alpha.9
   curl -C - -O "https://artifactory.algol60.net/artifactory/csm-releases/csm/$(awk -F. '{print $1"."$2}' <<< ${CSM_RELEASE})/csm-${CSM_RELEASE}.tar.gz"
   ```

>    > **`NOTE`** For users that are in an **air gap or behind a strict firewall**, the tarball will have to be obtained from the medium delivered by Cray-HPE. For these cases, please copy/download the tarball to the working directory and then proceed to the next step. The tarball will need to be fetched with `scp` during the [download CSM tarball](#download-csm-tarball) step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE** **If air-gapped or behind a strict firewall**, then the tarball must be obtained from the medium delivered by Cray-HPE. For these cases, copy/download the tarball to the working directory and then proceed to the next step. The tarball will need to be fetched with `scp` during the [download CSM tarball](#download-csm-tarball) step.
```
